---
title: "St Anne's Statue (Apple green)"
date: 2021-07-12T11:22:16+08:00
draft: false
featured: false

# meta description
description : "18cm, Marble powder"

# product Price
price: "120.00"
priceBefore: ""

# must be gram
weight: ""

# must be in cm
length: ""
height: ""
width: ""

# Product Short Description
shortDescription: "18cm tall, white, marble powder St Anne's statue. Place a  statue of Saint Anne on your altar when you are petitioning her. Adorn the statue with white flowers or string flowers together to create a garland and drape it over the statue. Offerings of sweet desserts and candies are customary gifts to Saint Anne. "

#product ID
productID: "01-180166"

# type must be "products"
type: "products"

# product Images
# first image will be shown in the product page
images:
  - image: "images/catalog/01-180166.png"
---

The image of Saint Anne, who teaches Virgin Mary to read, suggests the feminine culture of the medieval Christian tradition, in which mothers have the mission to educate their girls. It is likely that this religious image has influenced the late medieval society, in which the role of mothers in early childhood education was essential. Through the biblical image of Saint Anne, who teaches the Virgin Mary to read, was born the modern perspective of inclusion of women in modern intellectual life, with the help of the literature.

The image of Mary receiving instructions from her mother Anne, offers us the perspective of a special symbolic in medieval religious art. The German Jesuit theologian and art historian Joseph Braun believes that the main object of representation is the book, in which appears passages from the Testament. These passages refer to the incarnation of Jesus, which in some iconographic representations appears next to the Virgin Mary and Anne. In late medieval art, Saint Anne symbolizes family and female fertility.

On the other hand, the image of Saint Anne teaching Virgin Mary to read, encouraged the systematic literacy of medieval children. This process will mark the transition from the education based on the visual image, to a literary education based on massive literacy of children in the family. Women followed the example set by Saint Anne and made the education of children at home one of their main duties.
