---
title: "Chaplet of St Anne with leaflet (English)"
date: 2021-07-12T11:22:16+08:00
draft: false
featured: true

# meta description
description : "Glass beads, No AB Shrine, Homemade"

# product Price
price: "18.00"
priceBefore: ""

# must be gram
Weight: ""

# must be in cm
length: ""
height: ""
width: ""

# Product Short Description
shortDescription: "Homemade glass beads, no AB shrine, Chaplet of St Anne with English prayer leaflet"

#product ID
productID: "08-180006"

# type must be "products"
type: "products"

# product Images
# first image will be shown in the product page
images:
  - image: "images/catalog/08-180006.png"
  - image: "images/catalog/08-180006-1.png"
---

### Prayer
Prayer for some comes as easy as thought. For others, prayer is a solemn recitation. There is no set time or place to pray. In that sense prayer is defined by the individual. Prayer may be spoken on ones knees, with hands clasped, sitting, standing, holding hands with others or hand uplifted. The position of the body is irrelevant. What is relevant are the thoughts and concentration that travel through the mind during times of prayer. For some prayer is a continual commune with God throughout each day, inviting God’s attention to all tasks, be they menial or phenomenal life-changing occurrences. Some pray only in times of necessity; others pray constantly. According to the Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC 2559), “Prayer is the raising of one’s mind and heart to God or the requesting of good things from God.”

### Rosary Prayer of St Anne
The Chaplet consists of 3 groups of 5 beads, separated by a single bead.
- The 1st group of beads say: “In honor of Jesus”, 1 Our Father and 5 Hail Mary’s.After each Hail Mary say:” Jesus, Mary and St. Anne, grant the favor I request.”
- The 2nd group of beads say: “In honor of Mary”, 1 Our Father and 5 Hail Mary’s.After each Hail Mary say: “Jesus, Mary and St. Anne, grant the favor I request.”
- The 3rd group of beads say: “In honor of St. Anne,” 1 Our Father and 5 Hail Mary’s. After each Hail Mary say: “Jesus, Mary and St. Anne, grant the favor I request.”
