---
title: "T-Lite candle holder with candle"
date: 2019-10-17T11:22:16+06:00
draft: false
featured: true

# meta description
description : "Candles dedicated in Saint Anne's name are powerful tool. 6's in a pax, 24 hours burning."

# product Price
price: "6.00"
priceBefore: ""

# must be gram
weight: "100"

# must be in cm
length: ""
height: ""
width: ""

# Product Short Description
shortDescription: "A Saint Anne candle can be burned while saying prayers to her for protection, help with conceiving a child, and good health for pregnant mothers and housewives. A seven-day candle which shows Saint Anne's image can be burned to grant protection and blessings, especially to children and families."

#product ID
productID: "10-180089"

# type must be "products"
type: "products"

# product Images
# first image will be shown in the product page
images:
  - image: "images/catalog/10-180089.png"
---

As the mother of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus Christ, Saint Anne is one of the most important and powerful saints in the history of the Christianity, with equal importance to those who practice Santeria. Many prayers and rituals seek her powerful blessing. Saint Anne is remembered as a kind and blessed woman, a devoted mother and grandmother, a loyal wife, and a woman with an unbreakable faith.

### History
Saint Anne was born in Bethlehem, the city of King David and the birthplace of Jesus, her grandson. Her name means "grace." Saint Anne was the wife of Saint Joachim. The married couple tried for many years to have a child but with no success. One day, while away from home on a journey, Joachim had a vision in which he saw his wife pregnant. He immediately returned home so that he could share the wonderful news with Anne.

Later, Saint Anne, praying beneath a laurel tree that grew near her home in the region of Galilee, asked God to make Joachim's vision come true and bless the elderly couple with a child. As she prayed, an angel appeared before the devout woman and told her "Anne, the Lord hath heard thy prayer and thou shalt conceive and bring forth, and thy seed shall be spoken of in all the world." Saint Anne soon became pregnant. She gave birth to a beautiful baby girl, who grew up to become Mary, the Mother of Jesus.

### Role as a Patron Saint
Saint Anne is the patron saint of mothers and grandmothers, as well as unmarried women, pregnant women, and mothers while they are giving birth. As the mother of Mary and grandmother of Christ, Saint Anne looks after and protects the home, and praying to her can help women who are struggling to get pregnant. Saint Anne is also a patron saint of housewives. Because Mary and Jesus Christ are often compared to gold, it is also said that Saint Anne is the patron saint of miners. It is also said that Saint Anne protects sailors from storms.

The Feast Day of Saint Anne is celebrated on July 26th. As Saint Anne was the grandmother of Jesus, on this day it is customary to pay homage to our grandparents. Celebrate the day by cooking a special meal for your grandparents and surrounding them with love and appreciation. If it is not possible to see your grandparents on July 26, be sure to send them a card and call them to express your love and gratitude.
