---
title: "St Anne Procelain Medal (Green)"
date: 2021-07-12T11:22:16+08:00
draft: false
featured: true

# meta description
description : "Saint Anne teaching Mary to read the Bible. Imported from Italy"

# product Price
price: "25.00"
priceBefore: ""

# must be gram
weight: ""

# must be in cm
length: ""
height: ""
width: ""

# Product Short Description
shortDescription: "Wearing a  medallion of Saint Anne is one popular way of obtaining her blessing and protection. Typically worn around the neck, which reminds believers of when Anne taught her daughter how to read the Scripture. These images can be worn for protection and as a reminder of how to be a good parent."

#product ID
productID: "18-180055.1"

# type must be "products"
type: "products"

# product Images
# first image will be shown in the product page
images:
  - image: "images/catalog/18-180055.1.png"
---

### Our Patron Saint
Saint Anne was born in Bethlehem and married Joachim from Nazareth in Galilee. Joachim was a shepherd given the task of supplying the temple of Jerusalem with sheep for sacrifices.

After twenty years of marriage Anne and Joachim had no children. Once, when Joachim overheard ridicule because of their childless state, he is said to have gone into the desert to plead with God to give them a child. After a time of fasting an angel appeared to assure Joachim he and Anne would be given a child they were to name Mary and dedicate to God.

In the meantime Saint Anne wondered where her husband had gone and in her despair at having been barren she prayed while she watched newborn birds in their nests in her garden. She cried out, “Why was I born, Lord?” That is when angel appeared to tell her she would soon give birth to a daughter she was to name Mary. The story continues with Anne and Joachim’s joyous reunion at the golden gate of Jerusalem.

After her birth Anne and Joachim dedicated Mary to God at the temple of Jerusalem and she spent much of her childhood there. When Mary was fourteen they betrothed her to Joseph of Nazareth and so Mary’s story continues with the birth of her son, Jesus, and his life on earth.

The life of Saint Anne and her connection as holy mother of Mary and grandmother of Jesus was very popular to early Christians. In the year 550 a church was built in honor of St. Anne in Jerusalem. It is believed to be near where Anne, Joachim and Mary lived.
