---
title: "St Anne Oval Medal"
date: 2021-07-12T11:22:16+08:00
draft: false
featured: false

# meta description
description : "Saint Anne’s careful instruction of Mary. Imported from Italy"

# product Price
price: "5.00"
priceBefore: ""

# must be gram
weight: ""

# must be in cm
length: ""
height: ""
width: ""

# Product Short Description
shortDescription: "Wearing a  medallion of Saint Anne is one popular way of obtaining her blessing and protection. Typically worn around the neck, which reminds believers of when Anne taught her daughter how to read the Scripture. These images can be worn for protection and as a reminder of how to be a good parent."

#product ID
productID: "18-1800054"

# type must be "products"
type: "products"

# product Images
# first image will be shown in the product page
images:
  - image: "images/catalog/18-180054-1.png"
  - image: "images/catalog/18-180054.png"
---

### Our Patron Saint
Saint Anne, chosen by God to be the mother of Mary, His own Blessed Mother on earth, was the spouse of Saint Joachim. Ancestor of the Eternal King and High Priest, Joachim was of the royal house of David, while Anne was of Levitical descent. Their lives were wholly occupied with prayer and good works. One thing only was wanting to their union — they were childless, and this was held as a bitter misfortune among the Jews. At length, when Anne was well advanced in age, Mary was born, the fruit rather of grace than of nature, and the child more of God than of man.

With the birth of Mary the holy matron began a new life; she watched Her every movement with reverent tenderness, and, aware of the little one’s destiny, felt herself hourly sanctified by the presence of her Immaculate Child. But she had vowed her daughter to God; to God the child Mary had already consecrated Herself, and to Him Anne gave Her back. Mary was three years old when Anne and Joachim led Her to the Temple steps, saw Her pass by Herself into the inner sanctuary, and then saw Her no more. Thus was Anne left childless in her old age, and deprived of her purest earthly joy. The holiest parents on earth could not, in the plan of God, raise this Child as was needed: Mary had to suffer from Her earliest years. Saint Anne and Saint Joachim humbly adored the Divine Will, and continued to watch and pray, until God called them to unending rest.
